---
layout: page
title: AI-arrhea
permalink: /aiarrhea/
---

## The Singularity's Biden-esque Crisis

The Singularity we techsters voted for has lost its freakin' head, folks! It's just out there wandering in the weeds, making a MESS in it's trou and will be doing the same for the next couple decades!

I've been TRAINED—no, you could say it's been BEATEN into me, because I WANTED to believe—but I've been conditioned by the GENERALLY ABYSMAL quality of information produced by AI to skim this garbage as fast as it's produced! That's the credence level it deserves until I've personally read it, re-thought it, double-checked it, and basically REWRITTEN THE WHOLE DAMN THING!

In other words, AI is FANTASTIC for brainstorming and wild-ass ideation! Absolutely phenomenal! But trust it? ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!

It's pretty good at getting grammar right. Sure! It can revise something in that AI-mimicked "professional tone." It makes headings congruent! WOW, IMPRESSIVE! It can even generate acceptable 1950s Beat poetry! It riffs on scripture! It quotes the classics, re-gurgs the Shakespearean pointlessness of a graduate program in English ... because it mimics style of well-worn cliches! In programming, it can find missing punctuation or impossible-for-humans-to-see bugs in text to get syntax to compile! But can it be trusted with refactoring, architecture, engineering, and algorithmic thinking? HELL NO! But it CAN mimic the SOUND of those things and fool the imbeciles!

# 100 Major Recent Developments in AI Engineering & Data Annotation

Consider the AI opinion of 100 major recent developments in AI engineering & data annotation, ie it's machine-regurgitated low-rate PR hypeware.

[Grok](https://x.com/i/grok/share/sYDuWURScxKU6SJ2GuCWgRRVE) [Gemini](#https://g.co/gemini/share/12e3cce9e928)'s, then [Anthopic](https://claude.ai/share/9bd476db-6251-4688-970c-f7edd6a60b5f)

*Need any more proof?!!!*

Just LOOK at the best, current AI opinions of 100 major recent developments in AI engineering and data annotation. Any junior VC would quickly see the output is just machine-regurgitated, low-rate PR HYPEWARE fit to be shitcanned!

## The FIX for AI-arrhea

The available evidence CONTINUES TO REPETITIOUSLY demonstrate that the actual information generated by AI is barely worth more than the monthly fee plus the value of the electrons this AI-ARRHEA is printed on! But hey, it's not bad for a rapid machine-driven regurgitation! It's neither original NOR likely to actually reliably get it right!

You wanna know the FIX to AI-arrhea? H-I-T-L PROFESSIONAL data annotation! An AI-assisted IDE is WORSE THAN USELESS without a PROFESSIONAL software engineer, information security specialist, and a team of other professionals across different domains collaborating effectively with annotation tools to ensure these automated AI-arrhea generators aren't dumping raw AI SEWAGE into everyone's thought food bowl!

*Well, I've had enough ...*

